[Music]
[Applause]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1983 Christmas movie A
Christmas Story so let's get started the
film is a series of vignettes with adult
Ralphie Parker narrating around the time
of Christmas when he was 9 years old
set in the 1940s for this Christmas the
only thing Ralphie wanted was a Red
Rider carbine 200 shot range model air
rifle however throughout his various
stories he is often told that the BB gun
isn't a good choice and you'll shoot
your eye out
there are several side stories in the
film including when his father went to
lay up in the shape of a woman's leg and
his mother accidentally broke it stories
of his father's battles with the furnace
the family's issues with the neighbors
dogs including later ruining the
family's Christmas dinner causing them
to have to have Chinese food for
Christmas Ralphie and his friends issues
with bullies his friend getting his
tongue stuck to a frozen flagpole after
a dare washing out his mouth with soap
after swearing decoding a secret message
that only says be sure to drink your
Ovaltine watching his brother Randy eat
like a pig on the day of Christmas
Ralphie initially thinks he did not get
the BB gun getting some other gifts
including an embarrassing pink bunny
suit from his aunt but Ralphie's father
later shows him one last hidden gift the
Red Ryder gun he wanted
Ralphie goes outside and shoots it at a
sign but the BB ricochets back and
knocks his glasses off thinking he
actually shot his eye out
Ralphie tries to find his glasses but
accidentally steps on them Ralphie tells
his mother that they broke from a
falling icicle and she believes him
Ralphie goes to bed with the gun by his
side and we hear adult or a fee state
that this was the best present he ever
had or will receive so that was the
spoilers for a Christmas story if you
have another film you'd like to see me
spoil please let us know in the comments
below check out movie's spoiler alerts
on Instagram and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]